chore: add contributing guide (#564)
Redocly/openapi-cli: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

  
- The best way to get your bug fixed is to provide a (reduced) test case. This means listing and explaining the steps we should take to try and hit the same problem you're having. It helps us understand in which conditions the issue appears, and gives us a better idea of what may be causing it.

## Pull Request Guidelines
Before submitting a pull request, please make sure the following is done:

1. Fork the repository and create your branch from master.
2. Run `npm install` in the repository root.
3. If you’ve fixed a bug or added code that should be tested, don't forget to add tests!
4. Ensure the test suite passes (`npm test`). Tip: `npm test -- --watch TestName` is helpful in development.
5. Format your code with prettier (`npm run prettier`).

## Development Setup

You will need [Node.js](http://nodejs.org) at `v12.0.0+`.

> After cloning the repo, run:  

Reviewer: question: should this be forking or cloning? We advise them to fork the repo above, so maybe we should stick to that advice :)

Author: Makes sense, will change now.

```bash
$ npm install # or npm i
```

### Commonly used NPM scripts

``` bash
# run a separate CLI command
$ npm run <command>

# run a compile of packages
$ npm run compile

# synchronously pick-up the changes made to the packages
$ npm run watch

# run the CLI package
$ npm run cli

# run the unit tests with typecheck
$ npm test

# run the unit tests (includes coverage report)
$ npm run unit

# run e2e tests
$ npm run e2e
# Make sure you have compiled the code before running e2e test
# E.g. run `npm run compile` and wait for the finishing process or run `npm run watch`.

# format the code using prettier
$ npm run prettier

# run basic perf benchmark
$ npm run benchmark
```

There are some other scripts available in the `scripts` section of the `package.json` file.

## Project Structure

- **`__mocks__`**: contains basic mocks for e2e tests.
  
- **`__tests__`**: contains e2e tests. The e2e tests are written and run with [Jest](https://jestjs.io/).

> - **`docs`**: contains the docs and guides, also can be found [here](https://redoc.ly/docs/cli/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`docs`**: contains the documentation source files. When changes to the documentation are merged, they automatically get published on the [Redocly docs website](https://redoc.ly/docs/cli/).
```

> # OpenAPI CLI Contributing Guide

Reviewer 2: please add a link to this file to the main README.md

Author: Added.
